1.) Information visualization is the science that unveils the underlying structure of data sets using visual representations.
Correct Answer: True

2.) Letters appeared before visual symbols in the history of written languages.


True

False

3.) Which of the following choices uses images, graphs or movies to convey visual information or explanation of data acquired from the real world?
options:
Simulations
Glyphs
Visualization
Images
Correct Answer: Visualisation
Explanation: Visualisation is a process wehere we collect the data and represent the data in different forms like images graphs or movies to convey and explain the information iin the foem of visual of the real time data that is present in the world.

4.) ____ is the process through which we can transform continuous variables, models or functions into a discrete form.
 Answer: Discretization.

5.) Human cognitive capacity is increasing in direct proportion to the amount of data in the world.


True

False

2.5 million gigabytes

6.) The type of visualization created by Dr. Snow to pinpoint the origins of the Cholera epidemic could best be described as a:
Correct ANswer: Heat Map
Explanation:Dr.snow used heatmpas.

7.) Human eyes respond to all colors in the same amount of time.
Correct ANswer: False
Explanation: Human colours 
one million different colors a healthy human eye has three types of cone cells, each of which can register about 100 different color shades, amounting to around a million combinations.
This curve peaks at 555 nanometers, which means that under normal lighting conditions, the eye is most sensitive to a yellowish-green color.

8.) 

9.)

10.) 

11.) Which of the following visualization techniques maps values to colors in a table?
Correct answer: Heat Maps

12.) To use Geometry-based visualization techniques, we must retain the tabular form of the visualization.

Correct Aswer:False



22.)Which of the following is NOT a problem associated with dimension reduction in visualization?

The generated dimensions are intuitive in their meaning.
Information Loss
Non-Intuitive parameters to try when producing the visualization.
Lack of user interaction allowed
Correct Answer:
Explanation:

23.)Visual Cues for user interaction are an important part of dimension manipulation.

Correct Answer:True
Explanation: visual cues, 
Explanation: Successful data visualization will be achieved when these four elements are present: information, story, goal and visual inform.

24.) Which of the following are an important way to justify the effectiveness of a visualization?

Artistic Value
Color Scales
Visual Cues
E

25.) Categorical data has an inherent order to it. 
Correct answer: False
Explanation:-
1.) Even if the categories can be placed in a natural order, they have no magnitude or units
2.) Categorical variables are those that provide groupings that may have no logical order, or a logical order with inconsistent differences between groups (e.g., the difference between 1st place and 2 second place in a race is not equivalent to the difference between 3rd place and 4th place)

